Ma'am, I have evidence of an affair
Pardon me?
Madam, what the old lady said is true
Sir, because I don't buy it.
The Zhang family only listens to your orders
I have two hearts for you
and
The subordinates heard with their own ears that he was conspiring with this bitch
Want to replace your mother's identity
Then find a chance to kill you
It was you
You send Hu Yun
Dreaming that they are all colluding
To deceive you in order to hide your identity
And I definitely didn't cheat
How do you explain this photo?
I don't know this woman at all
Madam, you are
I heard your mother is sick.
Urgent need for a large sum of money for surgery
As long as you help me with two things
The money in this card is yours
Otherwise you get out of the top spot
Your mother is just waiting to die
Please also invite the old lady
How dare he cheat?
The two of them colluded to murder you
You kicked him out of the house
Mengqi, I really have never done such a thing
I believe sir was wronged
It was Zhao Xiangru who sowed discord
My husband and I never intended to harm you
Please be sure to check things out.
How dare you slander me
I must teach you a good lesson today
I really didn't lie to you.
Why is Shen Huiying still arguing?